I don't think I knew enough about
injuries I know enough about how
important it is to pick the right kind
of place to go for for physical therapy
because when I rehabbed my right knee I
went to a smaller physical therapy place
it was more of a local place and just
because I've never been injured like
that before I just didn't know any
better the second time around I went to
the University of Michigan for my
physical therapy and I wish I wouldn't
wish I would have done that the first
time around when I hurt my right knee
because you know I went in there and I'm
you know trained me hardcore you know if
I was a college football player coming
in here trained me like that you know
like kick my ass do everything I read
you know and I was really driven and
they really helped me out a lot there if
I had to happen I'm glad it happened now
and I got about the way because I don't
know hey maybe I can become that Adrian
Peterson professional wrestler really I
basically I just had to go to go back to
the mental state that I was in when I
was first getting in the wrestling
business
the motivation and like the love that I
felt I mean as soon as I got in high
school wrestling wrestling rest right
into wrestling school just so motivated
this is what I want to do and I just had
to just remember that feeling and try to
reinvent that feeling again
I'm nervous yeah of course I'm nervous
you know it's been has been so long I've
had seven matches in two years you know
that's not very much when you go from
wrestling straight for 11 years non-stop
so I am a bit nervous but at the same
time you know this is what I was born to
do this is what I was meant to do this
is my destiny and I will embrace it
sitting at home and with nothing but
your thoughts for so long you know it's
it's like like I said you got to go back
to that motivation you had when I first
got in the business and I net I didn't
get into this business to go half way to
be just a champion to be just the next
champion to be just a tag team champion
I got in this business to be the best to
be the world heavyweight champion and no
matter what that will always remain my
goal from here on
you